CONTRIBUTING: document single-module Agda type-checking via the Nix dev shell (#1245)
IntersectMBO/formal-ledger-specifications: CONTRIBUTING.md

Reviewer: It seems the information in this subsection already appears in one way or another in the file. For instance, the subsection "Development Environment Setup" already mentions using `nix develop` to develop the spec.

Author: Yes, but the point here was to nail down the exact command to type-check a particular module, rather than the entire ledger.  If that is already stated elsewhere, then I must have missed it.

The point of this PR was to make clear that we don't in fact need a special `.claude/setting.json` or hooks or skills directory.  If that wasn't clear, then the PR failed to meet it's objective.  I'll fix that today, or else scrap the PR entirely if it turns out to be redundant or otherwise unnecessary.

See also: [the Agda documentation section on literate markdown][Agda literate markdown].

### Type-checking while you work

The specification is type-checked through the Nix flake, which pins the Agda version
and all required libraries. For day-to-day work, enter the Nix development shell once and
run Agda from there, so the toolchain is on your `PATH` for your editor and any other
tooling.

> 

Author: fixed by removing the claims from the PR description

See also: [the Agda documentation section on literate markdown][Agda literate markdown].

### Type-checking while you work

The specification is type-checked through the Nix flake, which pins the Agda version

> and all required libraries — there is no separate global Agda install to maintain. For

Reviewer: I don't think the type-checking the spec is incompatible with having a global installation of Agda.
```suggestion
The specification is type-checked through the Nix flake, which pins the Agda version
and all required libraries. For
```

day-to-day work, enter the development shell once and run Agda from there, so the
toolchain is on your `PATH` for your editor and any other tooling:

```bash
nix develop                                              # Agda + libraries on PATH
agda src/Ledger/Dijkstra/Specification/Ledger.lagda.md   # type-check one module
```

Type-checking a single module is much faster than `nix build` (which checks the whole
specification) and is the quickest way to iterate on a proof. To check one module
without staying in the shell:

```bash
nix develop --command agda src/Path/To/Module.lagda.md
```

If you use [direnv](https://direnv.net), add `use flake` to a `.envrc` and run `direnv
allow`; the toolchain is then placed on your `PATH` automatically whenever you enter the

> project directory. Launching your editor — and any agent tooling, such as Claude Code —

Reviewer: This seems orthogonal to the subsection.
```suggestion
Launching your editor — and any agent tooling, such as Claude Code —
```

from that shell makes Agda available to all of it, which is cheaper than re-entering
`nix develop` for each invocation.

Generated artifacts (`*.agdai`, `Everything*.agda`, `_build/`, `/.agda/`) are

> git-ignored; don't commit them.

Reviewer: Don't know how this is related to the topic of the subsection.

Author: removed
